Privacy Policy

This app respects and protects the privacy rights of all users. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But this app will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, the app will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The app will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service agreement, you will be deemed to have agreed to all contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.
Scope of application

a) When you use the application network service or visit the website of the application platform, the application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, and web page records you need;
b) This application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal channels.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
a) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the application platform;
b) The relevant information and data collected by this app, including but not limited to participation, transaction information and evaluation details;
c) Violation of the law or the rules of this app and the measures that the app has taken against you.

Use of information
a) The app will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless with your prior permission, or the third party and the app (including the app's affiliated companies) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited to access, including all such materials it has previously been able to access.
b) The app also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge. If any user of the application platform is engaged in the above activities, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
c) For the purpose of serving users, the app may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, the app will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal will or legal provisions:
a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
b) In order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;
c) Or to a third party, as required by law or by the administration of justice;
d) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;
e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the complainant, so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes;
f) In a transaction created on the application platform, if any party to the transaction has fulfilled or partially fulfilled the transaction obligations and made a request for information disclosure, the app has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information of the other party of the transaction, so as to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.
g) Other disclosure of this application as deemed appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.
Information storage and exchange
The information and data about you collected by the app will be saved on the server of the app and / or its affiliated companies. These information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or the overseas of the location where the app collects information and data, and may be accessed, stored and displayed overseas.

information safety
a) This application account has security protection function, please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused and altered by means of encryption of user password and other security measures. Despite the above security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
b) When using this application network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the trading partner or potential trading partner. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of this app are leaked, please contact the customer service of the app immediately so that the app can take corresponding measures.
